Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Death is a disease.
I heard my mom's heart stop
when I was 8.
My mom's last heartbeat.
A few more years and she
would have been a doctor.
A five-year plan broken
with the one bullet.
The disease spread.
It infected my brother. Chris.
He grew up and started banging
with Kango.
I thought that'd be the last
of it.
To support us.
my dad is a mechanic in the day
and security at night.
He started showing symptoms
after my brother died.
Death is the disease
that broke my family.
I'm sick of seeing it.
My hypothesis.
If death is a disease...
...then there's a cure.
And I'm gonna find it.
Fuck.
The Mad Scientist!
-How'd I get that name?
-H!
Um...
H. Come on. You know it.
-H?
-Yes.
Oh.
Hydrogen.
- Yes.
- Yeah?
Co.
Oh. that's a --
I don't know Co.
Um...
-Cobalt.
-Yes!
Yeah?
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Hey. yo. V.
When you coming through?
Uh. this afternoon.
Oh. all right.
Yo. you tell her to call me
The Mad Scientist?
I don't know nothing about that.
Jada. we got to go soon.
Can't you see?
I'm busy.
Pt.
Uh. platinum.
Sg.
- Seaborgium.
- Ti.
Titanium.
Help me with my homework again.
Ca.
Calcium.
Got you.
Aah!
Got you!
I won!
- Little homey.
- What's up?
What up. though?
Champ. what's good?
- Cm.
- Curium.
U.
Um...Hmm.
Do I have to give you
the answer?
- Uranium.
- Yes.
Hey. yo!
Kango-head ass.
Yerr.
What up. Jamaal?
Curt. what's good?
Yeah. We got that work.
Yo. Curt. go grab that.
- I.
- Iodine.
- Fe.
- Iron.
Cr.
Mm.
I don't know that one.
Which one?
-Cr.
Uh...
Can you give me a hint?
I don't really know
how to give you a hint.
The only hint I can give you
is --
Oh. wait. I got it.
Chromium.
-Right?
-Yes!
How do you know all this?
It's because I study great minds
like Valerie Thomas.
Who's that?
Well. she's a physicist
that invented --
Shoot.
She's a physicist that invented
the illusion transmitter.
a mechanism that simulates
a 3-D viewing of an object
using optical illusions
with parabolic mirrors at NASA.
Tell your sister to tell you
about Alice H. Parker.
the inventor of central heating.
Or Sister Rosetta Tharpe.
the inventor of rock 'n' roll.
Do you think you're smart 'cause
you go to that white school?
Well. that white school is smart
because I go there.
They only talk about Einstein
and Edison at school.
Maybe that's because we need
better schools.
It's not like Edison
invented shit.
Learn from the greats.
All of them.
Not some dude who just watches
people make ideas
and then patents them.
Test me later.
You have ketchup
on your glasses.
No. No. no.
Jerome. no!
Open the door.
-What's the code?
-Go on.
No. No.
Come on.
-What's the code?
-So you're not late for school.
I'm serious.
I don't want your mom tripping.
Don't worry about her.
And what's that smell? Hey!
Hey.
Who did that to you?
Hmm?
Don't worry about it.
I'll make his heartbeat stop.
You know what happens
when a heartbeat stops?
He stops breathing?
Oxygen in your blood
doesn't reach the brain.
The brain fails in minutes.
resulting in death.
Say you hit the head.
The brain controls
all functions of the body.
Destruction of the frontal lobe
inhibits all personality.
body movement. and intelligence.
All sense of touch. vision.
hearing. and memory vanish.
Who wants to know
all the different ways to die?
Life is cheap.
You know that.
Do you really want to know
I know all the ways
someone can die?
Just open the door.
I'll tell you.
Come here.
It's 'cause I have bodies
in there.
I got living ones...dead ones.
I open them up...
see what's inside.
Then I put them
back together again
to try and bring them back
to life.
You're the body snatcher.
"To examine the causes of life.
we must first have recourse
to death."
Aah!
Jerome. I'm just messing
with you.
Come on.
Hey. Wait.
Let me see that.
Get off me.
Come here.
Look at me.
The mind and body. they're
beautiful things. Jerome.
Don't waste or destroy them.
Who's stopping someone
from destroying minds?
Exactly.
Now. the problem
with the cancer cells
is once it begins
to metastasize.
it's almost incurable because --
There are over 100
different types.
That is right. Vicaria.
However. if you --
Kill cancer stem cells.
we can prevent other cancers
from coming back.
Thank you.
But --
But that won't really work
since it adapts under pressure
and learns how to survive
under stress.
-Do you have a question?
-No.
Okay.
Moving forward with the lesson.
I mean. but I do have a theory.
What is it?
Cancer is not a disease.
It's a symptom.
Symptom of what?
Death.
That's a little morbid for
the morning. don't you think?
I mean. it really isn't
any more morbid than leukemia.
Death isn't a disease.
-Care to explain why?
-Because it's not.
The human body is just
as dynamic as any cancer.
I mean. if it never broke down.
it never died...
- Stop interrupting.
- ...it wouldn't need help
fighting off the cancer cell.
I mean. listen to me
for like a second. okay?
That's why death is the disease.
Are you kidding me right now?
I need security at Room 10H.
please.
-Okay. Come on.
-Thank you.
I gave you a warning.
Yeah.
That wasn't a warning.
I'll tell you what.
You can go to detention yourself
or you can wait to be escorted
by an officer.
It is your choice. Vicaria.
It is Va-car-ia.
not Vie-care-ia.
I'll call you Vicki.
because it's much easier.
If you look right down
to the nucleolus.
you will see the same exact...
Well. if you get to call me
whatever you want.
I guess I'm just gonna call you
Ms. Bitch from now on.
Get out of my classroom
right now.
Stand up.
Get her out of my classroom.
Let's go.
I said let's go.
- Let go of me.
- Get up.
-Let go.
-Stop.
-Get up! Come on!
-Get off of me.
Thank you.
Thank you for coming in today.
I'm sorry if it was
any inconvenience.
You know. I was thinking.
Your last name.
it's so beautiful.
It sounds European.
Where are you from?
Yeah.
Your daughter has
a very disturbing obsession.
What obsession?
Death.
It's all she talks about
in my classroom.
She's been obsessed with it.
She thinks she can cure it.
No.
I know I can cure it.
I am not afraid of my ideas.
I just think
time would be better spent
on something
that she could actually do.
Maybe an alternative school
would be a better fit for her.
My daughter doesn't need
no continuation school.
She's missing tests
and assignments.
and there is only so much
extra credit I can --
She takes the tests.
the assignments.
extra credit. whatever.
She got that.
And I will continue
to encourage my daughter
to think outside the box.
Who do we talk to
about her college?
I believe Mrs. Padilla
in the career center
can help her make a plan.
Ms. Padilla.
What I need from you
is to not call the goddamn cops
on my daughter
whenever you have
a little petty disagreement.
That's the child.
Not you.
Teach. lady.
Teach.
Come on. baby.
Oh.
And since you're so curious.
our last name is German
because some overseer
probably branded one of
my ancestors with his last name.
Don't ever let them touch
my daughter again.
Come on.
Okay. Chris.
I got you.
Come on.
It's been a while.
but you're gonna be okay.
I got you. Chris.
I got you.
You'll be back soon.
Mm-hmm.
So. wait. Did he find out
about you missing classes?
Does your mom know
that you're helping me out?
No.
You already know.
I mean. he's using again. so...
I told you.
Don't even worry about it. girl.
He's thinking about
your brother.
He didn't even have the chance
to bury him.
Like. he shouldn't have to.
-We shouldn't have to.
-I know.
I just wish I could catch that
sick fuck who took his body.
You and I both know
Chris wasn't the only body
that went missing. V.
Ooh!
Hey.
That's a Little Chris move
for his Auntie V.
You feel him? Boy.
Do we know his name yet?
Stop asking me.
-You know I'm not telling.
-Why?
I promised Chris I wouldn't
say it until the baby's born.
You know my loyalty to him.
-I don't care about your racket.
-Bitch.
Freeman!
Don't call your sister no bitch.
When you call her a bitch.
you call all of us one.
That's me. Mama. and Grandma.
Is that what you want?
-No.
-Get out of here.
Come here.
Go study the alphabet.
Without an attitude.
A.
B.
C.
D.
E. F.
-She about to get popped.
-G.
-She know it.
-H.
Stop playing with me.
little girl.
-I. J.
-Girl. you're ready.
L.
- Five-0. Five-0.
- Get down!
Hey. Kango. let's roll.
- Shit.
- Get off me!
- Fuck y'all niggas.
- Get the fuck off me!
Hey. step back.
-Shit! You shot him!
-Back the fuck off me. man!
-Get the fuck off of me!
-Fucking pig!
You shot my little nigga!
What the fuck. man?
Dad.
What happen. V?
The fuck you do?
- Requesting backup.
- You shot a kid. man!
You shot a goddamn kid!
What the fuck he could've
possibly did to you?
The rest of you. get back!
Hey. yo. J. back up.
Back up.
You pussy-ass niggas don't know
where the fuck they at.
Seal off the edge
of the parking lot.
Come on.
Let's get the boys. man.
They shot Jerome.
117 is gonna move out.
Go ahead and make a hole
for him.
Everybody back.
Everybody over here. move back.
Give us space and let us work.
Hey.
Get back.
You hear me?
Give them space.
Clear.
All right. You heard him.
Everybody stand back.
Charge.
Clear.
Stay with me. little man.
Charge.
Clear.
Come on.
Chris?
Holy shit!
I did it!
Oh. my God.
Holy shit.
Chris?
It's Vicaria.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
It's okay.
I'm gonna show you
who killed you.
And I'm gonna show you
what's killing our dad. okay?
Yo. what the fuck are you doing?
Whoa.
Vicaria?
-Who the fuck is you --
-Yo. Curtis. No.
You stay.
Move. nigga.
I said move.
No! Chris. stop!
Hey. yo. Curt.
Shit. Curt!
Hey.
- Help me! Please!
- Hey. yo! Go get them. man!
Shit.
Right here. Right here.
Go down there and check.
Fuck!
All right. man.
Let's circle back.
We need to check on Curt.
Come on. man.
Let's roll!
-Yo.
-Walk. little nigga.
Man. walk.
Get off of me.
Who was with you?
Where the fuck my shit at?
Jamaal said he seen you
running away.
What. you hardheaded
like your brother?
Fuck you. Kango.
- Hey. yo. Chill!
- No. man.
We don't know
if Curt gonna make it.
Relax. nigga!
Look here. nigga.
Let's just set
the record straight.
I ain't kill your brother.
-You sent him down there.
-He his own man. ain't he?
Is that really how you feel?
You still ain't answered
my question.
Who was with you?
That's all right.
You ain't got to say shit.
My niggas gonna raise him.
But see. now. me and you.
we got a problem.
'Cause you know
you done fucked up. right?
Now. your ass lucky
Curt ain't dead.
Otherwise. this shit
could've went real sideways.
But you already know that.
don't you?
Now. why Jada
be running around here
calling you some type
of mad scientist or shit?
- Ain't that right?
- Yeah. That's that shit.
I mean. I got a lab for you.
Whole little chemistry set. too.
You can get busy in there. do
your little tables and whatnot.
And I mean.
since you ain't saying shit.
I guess you're cutting
for me now.
Hey. yo!
Death come quick around here.
Hey. Little nigga.
-Come roll with me real quick.
-Okay. Wait. Where we going?
Time to work. What you mean?
Come on.
Okay. Can I change
clothes first? Damn.
Get off of me.
Sit.
I'm not helping you cut poison.
All right.
Just tell us where your boy at
and you ain't got to.
-I don't know where he is.
-Ah. So there is somebody.
God.
No. I'm --
You like rice?
Me personally. I love rice.
It's cheap. plentiful.
It's kind of like synthetics.
Cheap and can feed
a whole family.
Now. too much of that shit.
and. I mean...
...it all fall apart.
You want to know how much
is too much?
Just the size of a small grain
of rice.
See. I'm gonna need you
to remember that
when you're cutting my shit.
yeah?
My niggas will find your boy.
What are you gonna do
if you find him?
Shh.
How about you just focus on
cutting. measuring. and bagging?
Keep that little bougie-ass
attitude to yourself. yeah?
Pick it up.
See?
Hey!
Don't be slamming
my fucking door!
Hawaiian-shirt-ass nigga.
Shit.
Stop there
and get your ass on the ground!
Now!
Freeman. Ma doesn't
want me teaching this to you
because she thinks
you're too young.
But they killed Emmett Till
when he was just two years older
than you.
And you know
what them folks say.
You want to hide something from
a nigga. you put it in a book.
But this.
Do you see this?
The truth.
This is your real history.
They out here fighting to keep
true history out of schools
so they can keep teaching you
the fake shit.
But Columbus wasn't nothing
but a human-trafficking rapist.
Now go on.
You ready to move on to reading?
Can I practice my alphabet
a little more?
Okay.
But this is the last day.
Yay.
More learning.
Can I hang out
with my friend after?
What friend?
Chris.
Yeah. but only after you finish.
Okay. A.
Who's her friend?
Girl. I don't know.
Probably a new tenant.
So. what's up?
You helping me out?
C.
Hello?
You helping me out or what?
Come on. You can do it.
Uh. yeah.
Yeah. Uh. look. You keep missing
this part about ions.
Nigga. what's up with you?
I seen you on the block
hanging out with Kango.
-You know it. Come on. C.
-You're not mixed up in that?
-No. I'm not. I'm not.
-Chris wouldn't want that.
-You better not be.
-Aisha. I'm not.
All right.
I just don't want you caught up.
-I told my mom about your dad.
-What?
She wants to have y'all over
for dinner.
And maybe it's good for him
to get around family.
Look. I want my kid's
grandfather in his life.
So what. you coming or not?
Yeah. Fine.
I'll come.
I'll see about him.
While you see about him.
a girl got to pee -- for two.
This little nigga tap-dancing
on my bladder.
Fucking nasty.
Come on. You can do it.
L.
M.
N.
O.
P.
Q.
R.
S.
T.
U.
-V.
-Who is that?
You scared him.
Jada. scared who?
You know who.
Jada. who was that?
Jada.
Chris.
You saw my brother?
Did you tell anyone?
Where did you see him. Jada?
- Hey.
- Let go of me!
Kango been looking for you.
Let's go.
Come on.
You ain't been showing up
to put in work.
and I'm tired
of looking for you.
Who the fuck you think you is?
You know.
Curtis still in the hospital.
All he do is scream
about what he saw.
You know. I didn't believe him
until I seen your nigga.
Yeah.
I seen him.
And I would have got him
if the cops wasn't there.
But he got away.
Kango don't believe it.
but I'm gonna prove it to him.
You better pray
that Curtis don't die.
Or I'm gonna dead you
like I did that cop.
You know you're fucking with
my family structure. right?
Don't give me that shit.
You've been messing with mine.
Kicking that shit to my daddy.
Addiction is an emotional issue.
not a substance one.
Think about it.
If there were more
mental clinics around here
instead of police precincts. I'd
probably be in a different job.
Whole different hustle.
Like what?
I mean. Kango. really.
What would you --
What would you really be doing?
Huh?
What. Kango?
What hustle? Huh?
King of the throne.
-Fellas.
-What would you be doing?
Y'all niggas remember
when her daddy came to me?
I mean. he was
practically begging for it.
Pleading.
Hell. I almost forgot
he had a daughter
the way he kept talking about
his baby boy.
Looked like the nigga
was about to off himself.
So yeah. I gave him that shit.
That's not true.
I'm the one that's keeping
your fucking family alive!
You got something else to say?
Get to work.
See you tomorrow.
Follow her.
- Boo!
- Jesus.
J. this isn't funny.
I'm serious.
Chris isn't in here.
How do you know?
Maybe he's waiting for you.
Okay.
Where?
Behind you.
Okay.
Vicaria.
V?
V?!
V!
What's wrong?
I saw something.
It was over there.
No. no.
No. Dad.
There's no one there.
I don't know who that was.
Whoever it was.
you scared them off.
They're gone.
It's okay.
I got to go see
if somebody out there.
No.
No. no.
I'm okay.
I swear.
Okay.
All right.
Get some rest.
It's all right.
Okay.
Mom. I'm hungry.
Me too. baby. okay? Just wait.
Have you seen
Malcolm X's book. Jada?
Chris took it.
Jada. enough with
the imaginary friend.
He's not my imaginary friend.
He talks to me.
Jada. stop it.
You know what?
This close.
Y'all come to the table.
Hey.
- Who is it?
- Donald.
He talks to you?
Okay.
Stay away from him.
-Why?
-He's dangerous.
No. he's not.
Jada. just do it.
I'm gonna see
a lot more of you around here
when our grandchild arrives.
Of course.
Busting down the door
like you're the police.
Sorry. sweetheart.
Sit down so we can eat.
Okay.
Ooh.
All right.
You gonna say the grace?
Come on.
Lord. thank you for this food
and bless the hands
that prepared it.
- Amen.
All right. y'all.
Dig in.
This looks amazing.
Aisha. you want some of this?
Does anybody want some of this?
So. how's school?
Ms. K raised my grades
after you talked to her.
And your other classes?
It's good.
Even with your truancies?
Mm-hmm.
You've been taking advantage of
your dad working double shifts.
And we know you cover for her.
Calling into the school.
acting like somebody's guardian.
Well. um. I'll have a 3.9
before the end of the semester.
Yeah. And she's helping me
raise my biology grade. so...
Mm-hmm.
-That's good.
-Yeah.
Just don't lie to us.
He's got another pair of eyes
now.
-Yes. Dad.
-Yes. Mom.
I even heard about Ms. Kempe
asking y'all where you're from.
Negroes been here
just as long as them folks.
and they still act confused
when they see us.
Longer than them.
We just left after we visited.
- Okay. You're hotepping.
- I ain't hotepping.
We got to know who we are. V.
Miss PWI Princess.
"I'm gonna bring Jesus back
from the grave. cure death."
Shut up. Aisha.
You want to cure death.
Then what?
-What you mean?
-What happens after that?
We get a second chance at life.
What's the point
when them folks still active?
We can't do nothing dead.
The system traps us
if we're alive.
-Fuck the system.
-Hey.
That system that you don't give
a fuck about.
Aisha!
That system that you
don't care about.
-Go on.
-Been robbing us of our culture.
our name. our identity.
our history.
They got us out here
killing each other. V.
not knowing who we are.
-You got your way. I got mine.
-Fine. Then say less.
V. you can take in
more than one idea.
Think about it.
What if both of y'all are right?
-No.
You're doing good.
You still got family here.
I just want to see him again.
I'm gonna get it right.
Right. I know it's hard
with you working double shifts.
You too. Miss Lady.
V.
Don't worry about that.
Jada did that.
I know I'm not the same.
It's so hard trying to be there
for you
when I failed Chris.
It's not your fault. Dad.
I'm gonna get this right. baby.
I promise you.
I ain't gonna let you down.
You never have.
He's been
watching you. body snatcher.
He's here.
-Who is it?
-No. Freeman.
- This is the police.
- Oh. shit.
Get away from the door.
Yes?
We're investigating
the murder of an officer!
Can you open the door. please?!
No. we cannot.
Have you seen
any suspicious activity?
No. we have not.
What'd I tell you?
Don't open the door
unless I know who it is.
If them folks ask where
you're going. what do you say?
That I'm going home.
- What else?
- My name.
Man.
Hm.
-Sorry.
-Thank you.
You did good.
Mm.
Don't let them racketeers
ruin the meal.
What did Chris use to call them?
Racketeers. right?
I know it's hard
to talk about him.
but it's good to remember
the happy times.
Death always got to be
so tragic.
It's racket busters.
Racket busters.
No.
Dad. don't.
Do not.
- The racket busters!
- Don't.
Stop. You sound corny.
Hey. don't let the
racket busters ruin the meal!
You sound corny.
You got one for me?
Racket busters.
No. no.
This is for your brother.
This is for your brother
right here.
-Put some on it. now.
-Okay. Okay. Okay.
Racket busters!
All right.
You ready?
The racket busters.
Yay!
That's my baby girl.
Hey.
Can you top that?
Racket busters.
-You have to get up in here.
-Racket busters!
You sound like a white
woman. but you're all right.
-Hit it for me.
-Racket busters.
She put her neck in it.
She put everything.
Put her foot up in that one.
R-R-Racket!
I love you. Dad.
I love you too. baby.
You know
you had to get in there.
Hey. pal.
Where you headed?
He fits the description.
Home.
See...my...father.
You feeling
all right tonight. sir?
Put your hands behind your back
for me. okay?
I'm Chris.
You're not Chris.
You're the monster
who kills cops.
Hey! Hey. sir! Sir!
Stand down!
Oh. shit.
You got him.
Jesus Christ.
Did you see that?
I think it's him.
I got a --
I have a monster out here.
Monster.
Man. what the fuck do you want?
-I need to see Kango.
-That nigga not here.
-Little nigga. I swear to God.
-Fuck you. Jamaal.
Vicaria?
Hello?
V?
Yo.
What's g--
What?
Hey!
Uh-huh.
All right.
I found your drugs.
Now. stay away from my family.
I'm done.
But what about your boy?
Chris?
Chris.
Where you been?
Everybody said you was...
was dead.
Chris.
Father.
You ain't Chris.
No.
You know what I heard
on the phone?
Curtis is dead.
While her nigga gave me this.
Jamaal.
You said it'd go the other way
if he didn't make it.
-He ain't here no more.
-Jamaal.
So why the fuck
is she still standing there?
Keep your voice down.
Now. let her the fuck go.
-You heard me.
-No.
She don't get off that easy.
You better remember
who the fuck you're talking to.
-Her nigga almost killed me.
-Yeah. I know that.
You won't believe me when
I tell you what it looked like.
-I told you I believe you.
-And it's right here!
You get out of here.
You're just gonna side with her.
Oh. shit!
Fuck.
No!
V!
No. No.
Dad?
Dad.
I'm sorry.
No!
Get away from me.
Get away from me!
Get away.
I said get away!
That's him.
I told you.
-That was him. wasn't it?
-Yeah.
-Huh?
-Yes.
Tell me what the fuck
that nigga's --
-It's hard to explain.
-Nigga. get that --
It's Chris.
That shit wasn't Chris.
That shit looked dead.
Who do you think moved the body?
What the fuck
are you talking about?
Look.
I wanted to cure death.
I had to get as many bodies
as I could
to make Chris look like
his old self.
You used dead Black bodies
for that shit?
You're the fucking
body snatcher!
You can't fucking judge me.
Look at what you do.
I know your ass always want to
blame me for some shit.
but I'm not out wilding
for the fuck of it!
I ain't make no fucking monster!
I got to put a --
I got to put a stop to it.
-Shit.
-No.
-No. I need him alive.
-Are you crazy?
I need him alive so I can see
what would happen with him.
-How the fuck do I kill it?
-Him.
-It.
-Him!
That shit ain't Chris
and you know it!
-Get it through your head.
-Okay.
You sold my daddy that poison.
-You killed Chris. You did that.
-Shut the fuck up!
This wouldn't have happened
if you'd just left him alone.
But he had to put his hands
on his family.
I mean. the gun was never meant
to be a tool of death.
They used to make beautiful
fireworks in China with it.
-Shut the fuck up!
-When Einstein made his equation
to unlock new sources
of energy...
-Quit the science shit.
-...they took that. and they --
-Can you just shut the fuck up?
-Let me fucking finish!
They took that.
and they made death.
All I wanted to do
was fucking cure it.
I didn't mean for this
to happen.
Fuck.
Fuck!
Come on! Come on!
Okay!
Fuck.
Okay.
We need to kill this thing.
Now.
Okay. Okay.
Okay. I'm thinking.
I'm thinking.
-Before it kills somebody else.
-Okay.
Okay.
I did -- I did build it.
I-I built it. so...
so if I -- if I hit it
with enough electricity.
then -- then maybe its body
will go down.
-Maybe what? Come on.
-Look. Look. It's a theory.
There are no guarantees. okay?
I just -- I need my tools.
Wait?
Where the fuck are the tools?
-One is in my lab.
-Where's the lab?
-It's. um...
-Come on.
It's the other side
of the complex. okay?
It's through the green alleyway.
It's next to an abandoned unit.
Okay?
And the other one?
It's in my room.
We got to go the fuck
back out there with that thing?
Kango -- Kango. we need both.
Fuck!
Shit!
Please.
-Come on!
-Okay.
-Go!
-Okay. Okay.
You really just cheat death.
What?
I shouldn't have never sent
Chris to kill them niggas.
Go prep your lab.
-I got the rest.
-Okay. Remember.
It's on my desk. It's metal.
It's wired with antennas.
-Go!
-Okay.
Shit.
Come on. Come on.
Come on.
Shit.
Jada. how did you find
this place?
Okay. No.
You need to go home.
It's not safe for you
to be here. okay?
Oh. my God.
What happened to you?
Jada.
Jada. what happened?
-I saw Chris.
-Hmm?
He's coming.
Come on. Come on.
Come on.
Chris showed me this place.
Jada. go back inside. okay?
I told Chris who his family was.
Jada!
And when you came over
for dinner. I showed him.
Jada. I'm serious. okay?
Go back inside.
I showed him to his father.
Something happened
when he was out there.
because he came back different.
Vicaria.
What?
Okay.
Jada. it's not safe.
You can't stay here.
I'm serious.
Oh. my God.
Kango. No.
I'm...a...
monster.
My name...
No.
You're Chris.
You're my daddy's son.
My mother's child.
Who taught him how to talk?
I did.
Why did he hurt everyone?
They called him a monster.
Them folks did.
And he believed it.
They made him one. Jada.
Can you bring our family back
like you did to Chris?
What do you mean.
bring them back?
Our family.
Can you bring them back?
When Chris came back.
no one believed it was Chris.
Not even Aisha.
They attacked him.
You can bring them back.
I know you can.
Jada. it won't work.
I saw Chris walk again
after he died.
Because of you.
You saw
what happened with Chris.
Them folks ruined my idea.
They...
Not just your idea.
Remember what your dad said?
What Aisha said?
Jada...I can't.
You mean...they're gone?
I'm sorry.
Jada?
Jada.
Jada. look at me.
They were just here.
What'd you say?
They're still fresh.
What?
Jada...
...they're still fresh.
No. No.
No. no.
Can you hear me?
Where am I?
What's your name?
Victor -- Is he okay?
No.
I-I need to hear your real name.
It's Aisha.
Shut up.
He's alive!
He's -- He's really alive.
He's alive.
Victor.
Chris wanted to name him
after you.
Aisha!
It's okay. sweetie.
I'm glad you're back.
Where's the rest of our family?
They'll be here soon.